###Dependency Injection

>Dependency Injection is a simple solution to inversion of control that involves injecting the dependencies into the components that require them. There are many reasons why this is beneficial to modern web applications.

>Dependencies can be complex. For example, if A depends on B and B depends on C, without dependency injection you create C from B and B from A and then reference A from a dozen different places. What happens when C requires something? Or what if B requires D in addition to C? Without dependency injection, you end up with a lot of refactoring, finding all the places that you’ve created those components. With dependency injection, A only has to worry about B. A doesn’t care what B depends on because that is handled by the dependency injection solution.

>Timing is often an issue. What happens when A depends on B but the script for B is loaded after A? Dependency injection removes that concern because you can defer or lazy load the dependency when it’s time. In other words, regardless of how A and B are loaded, you only need to wire them up when you first reference A. On large projects that have 50 JavaScript components referenced from a single page, the last thing you want to have to worry about is including them in the correct order. Modern bundling systems can also work with dependency injection to produce single, optimized JavaScript files that load all of the components at once.

>Dependency injection is critical for testing. If A directly instantiates B then you’re stuck with the implementation of B that A chooses. If B is injected into A, you can create a “mock B” or a “stub B” for testing purposes. For example, you might have a component that depends on a web service. With dependency injection, you can create an implementation that uses hard-coded JSON for testing purposes and then wire in the real component that makes the service call at runtime. Most modern frameworks have a facility for substituting mocked components or even creating them on the fly.

>Single Responsibility – Dependency Injection is actually one of theSOLID principles. It helps to encourage the notion of designing components with a single responsibility. You want to be able to focus on one thing in a component and should only have to change it for one reason. This is like building padding around your component that insulates the rest of the system from changes. If the component is responsible for boiling water and mixing shakes, any change will force you to test both scenarios. Having a single responsibility means you can change how you boil water without worrying about making shakes because another component is responsible for that. This makes it easier to maintain the code.

>It’s great for managing large teams. Here’s something else to think about. Forget the technology, let’s talk about teams. When you have a lot of cooks in the kitchen, it is easy for them to bump elbows and step on each other’s toes. Having nice, isolated components means more team members can work in parallel without having to worry about what the other person is doing.

 
依赖注入可以为开发/项目带来哪些好处:
1. 管理复杂的依赖关系
2.保证依赖加载顺序正确
3.方便测试
4.符合单一责任
5.便于项目组开发和管理