#### Pull vs Push
> Pull and Push are two different protocols how a data Producer can communicate with a data Consumer.

针对数据的处理, 通常有两种模式: **pull** 和 **push**

|              | 生产者            | 消费者                     |
| ------------ | ------------      | ------------               |
| Pull         | **被动**生产数据  | **主动**使用数据.          |
| Push         | **主动**产生数据  | **被动**接收数据且做出反应 |

-------------------

###### Pull

> What is Pull? In Pull systems, the Consumer determines when it receives data from the data Producer. <u>The Producer</u> itself **is unaware of** when the data will be delivered to the Consumer.

> Every JavaScript Function is a Pull system. The function is a Producer of data, and the code that calls the function is consuming it by "pulling" out a single return value from its call.

大多数情况下, JS中function是用于处理单个pull值的, 在ES6新增的generator functions和iterator(function*)加强了pull, 使得程序pull多个值

-------------------

###### Push

> What is Push? In Push systems, the Producer determines when to send data to the Consumer. <u>The Consumer</u> **is unaware of** when it will receive that data.

> Promises are the most common type of Push system in JavaScript today. A Promise (the Producer) delivers a resolved value to registered callbacks (the Consumers), but unlike functions, it is the Promise which is in charge of determining precisely when that value is "pushed" to the callbacks.

> RxJS introduces Observables, a new Push system for JavaScript. An Observable is a Producer of multiple values, "pushing" them to Observers (Consumers).

同样的, push也有处理**单值**和**多值**的功能. ES6新增的Promises是针对push单值的, 而RxJs则是处理多值的push.






